this is the most amazing sirloin you can
see it's got that wonderful marble for
me the secret behind this is cooking it
quickly season the steaks generously
salt and pepper
push that seasoning in to the sirloin
take the settling out of the fridge
literally 20 minutes before you want to
cook them so it gets up to room
temperature they cook more evenly but
more importantly you can actually season
right inside the steak this little bit
of fat down here seasoned that as well
because that is what we want to roast
and get that really nice and rendered
olive oil in a tablespoon roll that
round as it starts to smoke in with the
steaks into the pan and lay away again
into the pan and lay away if you don't
hear that noise the many of those states
with the pan don't put them in so the
secret now is getting that color on the
steak turning it once and once only and
cooking it for two and a half minutes
each side what I want to do is to get
that bit of fat render so it adds a lot
more flavor its hold the steak down like
that and that starts to melt the fat
which makes it so much more tender
there should be no white fat left
anywhere turn them over really important
to have that steak up to room
temperature before you start cooking it
so the inside is nice and warm so he
spends less time in the pan and more
time cooling down really important now
to fingers touch it goes in says rare
I'm happy please be rare because by the
time I let them rest then we go back to
medium-rare we'll continue cooking out
onto a plate and let them rest
one to get my juices over don't waste
that really important next the spicy
dressing take the seeds out of a chili
to reduce the heat by rubbing it in your
hands and tapping until the seeds fall
out cut it in half and just chop it in
garlic and chili works brilliantly a
quick way of peeling it get your knife
and just stab it down it pops out very
quickly in it'll touch a salt rub start
going around in circles first and see it
puring nice get that off now we've got
the heat in there from the chili and
that richness from the garlic 2
teaspoons of palm sugar this is where it
starts to have that nice sweet sour
effects fish sauce fresh lime this is a
simple fresh chili dressing and it was
something I fell in love with in Vietnam
and Cambodia because it was just so easy
give that a little mix you dissolve the
sugar quick taste Wow right
vegetables a great fuss free way to get
super thin ribbons of carrot is the use
of bed peeler when they're that thin
they take the vinaigrette so much better
and radishes just slice them down at an
angle
lovely give another dimension to the
sellers leaves a banana Charlotte they
are incredibly mellow very sweet across
just chop up the shalat and mix that
through want some sweetness in there now
that will vine tomatoes slice them in
half smart as in Sherlock radish carrots
and tomatoes next peel and slice
cucumber chopped spring onions and shred
baby gem lettuce and then finally get
some fresh mint young men so you don't
need to take all those stalks off we do
is hold a bunch upside down and then
take it for a little trim and just chop
that once through look at that nice mint
it salad color tablespoons of dressing
don't flood the cellar with a dressing
it moves out but we can't take it away
now really mix that dressing in there
make sure all that chilli and garlic and
palm sugar wraps around and sell it
beautiful onto the plate the steaks
rested it's now nice and medium-rare a
little bit of fat where you want to find
that in the salad just slice that off
that served its purpose just kept that
staying nice and moist
just slice going with the grain it's
almost like slicing through butter and
look in the side usually pink you slice
the beef too thinly then it goes
stone-cold and more importantly all the
goodness runs out of it nice thick
slices yeah
the beef can start placing it around you
sell it take a little teaspoon all your
dressing the rest of your salad sit down
on top
we'll finish it off with some toasted
peanuts peanuts in now those nuts are
really toasted nuts on get another pan
and just crush once they've cooled down
just run them through with a knife you
can hear our crunch they are another
texture another taste the salad and then
from there sprinkle
and then finally say that just finish it
with a little tablespoon of that sauce
and there is one tasty very well
textured spicy beef salad
a few simple cuts through the Rhine
means the Chop stays flat and cooks
evenly
this really helps to cook the bird
evenly because you're pushing out all
the empty spaces